# trinity debunk ⭐

🔹 **The Father is the supreme deity, who sent Messiah His Son.** (John 17:3)

📚**John 17:3 - King James Version with Apocrypha (KJVA)**

And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.

💡Yah, rendered as God in the King James is Strong’s Greek Dictionary word **2316 theos**, which means: a deity, especially (with 3588) **the supreme Divinity;** figuratively, a magistrate; by Hebraism, very:—X exceeding, God, god(-ly, -ward).

**[Long before the NT was written, 2316 (theós) referred to the supreme being who owns and sustains all things.]**

🎺🔹 **The Messiah called His Father His God**

John 20:17; Rev 3:12 (called Him God, four times)

📚**John 20:17 - King James Version with Apocrypha (KJVA)**

Jesus saith unto her, Touch me not; for I am not yet ascended to my Father: but go to my brethren, and say unto them, I ascend unto my Father, and your Father; 👉and to my God, and your God.👈

📚**Revelation 3:12 - King James Version with Apocrypha (KJVA)**

Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of👉 my God,👈 and he shall go no more out: and I will write upon him the name of 👉my God,👈 and the name of the city of 👉my God,👈 which is new Jerusalem, which cometh down out of heaven from 👉my God:👈 and I will write upon him my new name.

🎺🔹 **1 Timothy 2:5** declares that there is **one God, the Father;** *and one Mediator between Him and men.* 💡 That makes no sense if Messiah is the same God as the Father.

📚**1 Timothy 2:5 - King James Version with Apocrypha (KJVA)**

👉For there is one God,👈 and 👉one mediator between God and men,👈 the man Christ Jesus;

🎺🔹 Mark 12:29 gives us an example of how the King James muddies the waters with the titles of God and Lord, “And Jesus answered him, The first of all the commandments is, Hear, O Israel; The Lord our God is one Lord:”

It should be:

**“And Yeshua answered him, “The first of all the commands is, ‘Hear, O Israel, YHUH our God, YHUH is one.”**

Using the proper names, **we see who is God, YHUH. It’s pointing to the Father, not Messiah.**

📚**Mark 12:29 - King James Version with Apocrypha (KJVA)**

And Jesus answered him, The first of all the commandments is, 👉Hear, O Israel; The Lord our God is one Lord:👈

🎺📕1️⃣**A list of verses that proclaim one God.**

John 17:3; Mark 12:32; 1 Tim 2:5; 1 Cor 8:4-6; Eph 4:4-6; 1 John 5:20

🎺📕2️⃣ **A list of verses that call the Messiah, Yahusha, the Son of God.**

John 1:18; John 3:16; John 3:18; John 6:69; Acts 8:37; Acts 13:33; 1 John 1:3; 1 John 4:15; 2 John 1:3

**The Strong’s Greek word 5207 for ‘son‘ is uihos.**  Apparently **a primary word; a son** (sometimes of animals), used very widely of immediate, remote or figurative kinship: – **child, foal, son.**

**And what is a child?  Is a child not a creation of the Father?  Is a child equal to the Father?**

🎺📕3️⃣**A list of verses that show that THE FATHER is the Son's God.**

Matt 27:46; John 8:40; John 8:42; John 20:17; 1 Cor 11:3; 2 Cor 1:3; 2 Cor 11:31; Eph 1:3; Eph 1:17; Eph 4:6; Col 1:3; Col 3:17; Heb 1:5; Heb 1:9 [it's proclaiming God, Messiah’s God, anointed Him.], 1 Peter 1:3; Rev 1:6; Rev 1:56; Rev 3:12 (called "My God" 4 times)

🎺📕4️⃣**A list of verses in the New Testament, which show THE FATHER IS GOD and the Messiah is a separate being.**

Romans 1:7; 1 Corinthians 1:1; 1 Corinthians 1:3-4; 2 Corinthians 1:2; Gal 1:1; Gal 1:3; Ephesians 1:2; Philippians 1:2; 1 Thessalonians 1:1; 1 Thessalonians 1:3; 2 Thessalonians 1:1-2; 1 Timothy 1:1-2; 2 Timothy 1:1-2; Titus 1:1-2; Titus 1:4; Philemon 1:3; James 1:1; 2 Peter 1:1-2; 2 John 1:3;  Jude 1:1; Rev 1:1-2; Rev 11:5

🎺📕5️⃣ **A list of verses that show that the Father and the Son are SEPARATE BEINGS.**

Matt 19;16-17; Matt 24:36; John 1:18; John 5:22; John 5:26-27; 1 Cor 1:9; 1 Cor 3:23; 2 Cor 5:18; 2 Cor 13:14; 2 Thess 1:8; 2 Thess 1:12; 2 Thess 2:16; 1 Timothy 5:21: 1 Tim 6:13; Titus 2:13; Heb 9:24; Heb 13;20; 1 Peter 3:18; 1 Peter 5:10; 1 John 1:3

🎺📕6️⃣ **A list of verses that show that the Son is SUBORDINATE/INFERIOR TO HIS FATHER**

Matt 26:39; Matt 26:42; John 4:34; John 5:19; John 5:30; John 6:38; John 6:46; John 8:28-29; John 8:42; John 10:29; John 12:49; John 14:28; 1 Corinthians 11:3; 1 Corinthians 15:25-28; Philippians 2:5-7

🎺📕7️⃣**A list of verses that proclaim the Messiah WAS CREATED**

Col 1:15-17; Heb 1:4-6; Hebrews 5:5; 1 John 4:9; Rev 3:14

🎺📕8️⃣**A list of verses that show THE MESSIAH IS OUR INTERCESSOR TO THE FATHER**

Romans 8:34; 1 Timothy 2:5; Hebrews 7:25; 1 John 2:1

🎺📕9️⃣**A list of verses that show that the Father and the Son have SEPARATE THRONES:**

Rev 3:21; Rev 4:2-9; Rev 4:10-11; Rev 5:6-7; Rev 5:13; Rev 6:16; Rev 7:9; Rev 7: 10-12; Rev 7:15; Rev 8:3-4; Rev 19:4-5

🎺📕🔟 **A list of verses that show the Son is at the Father's Right Hand (The Son is not the Father):**

Matt 22:44; Mark 16:19; Luke 22:69; Acts 2:33; Acts 5:31; Acts 7: 55:56; Ephesians 1:19-20; Col 3:1; Heb 1:3; Heb 8:1; Heb 10:22; Heb 12:2; 1 Peter 3:21-22

🎺📕1️⃣1️⃣**A list of verses that show that the Father and the Son are ONE IN THOUGHT AND ACTIONS:**

Mark 10:18; Mark 12:29; John 5:19; John 10:30-31; John 10:37-38; John 17:11; Philippians 2:2; John 17:20-23

🎺📕1️⃣2️⃣**A list of verses that show that the Father SHOULD BE WORSHIPPED:**

Matt 4:9-10; John 4:20-21; John 4:23; John 4:24; Acts 18:13; Acts 24:14; 1 Cor 14:25; Philippians 1:11; Philippians 3:3; Philippians 4:19-20; Rev 4:8-9; Rev 4:10-11; Rev 4:6-7; Rev 15:3-4; Rev 19:1; Rev 19:10; Rev 22:8-9

🎺📕1️⃣3️⃣**A list of verses that show that the Messiah is to be praised for His work of redemption**

Matt 2:2; 2 Peter 3:18; Hebrews 1:1-6; Rev 5:8-12

🎺📕1️⃣4️⃣**A list of verses that show that we are to live for and pray to the Father.**

Matt 6:6-13; John 14:13; John 15:16; John 16:23-26; 1 Tim 5:4-5; James 1:5; James 4:8; 1 Peter 2:4-6; 1 Peter 4:11

🎺📕1️⃣5️⃣**Scripture does declare or proclaim that the Spirit of God the Father is sent to those who have a covenant relationship  with Him through the Son ( It is given and not to be worshipped)**

John 14:16; John 16:7; Matt 10:19-20; 2 Cor 3:17; Acts 5:30-32 (keywords in verse 32)

🎺🎺CONCLUSION:

📕  **There is no scriptural basis for them being three equal parts of the godhead; though the Father, The Messiah, and the Holy Spirit all play a role in our salvation or redemption.**

1. The Father is the Most High God

Exo 20:2  **I am the LORD thy God,** which have brought thee out of **the land of Egypt**, out of the house of bondage.

Exo 20:3  **Thou shalt have no other gods before me**.

🔹

Deu 5:6  **I am the LORD thy God,** which brought thee out of **the land of Egypt**, from the house of bondage.

Deu 5:7  **Thou shalt have none other gods before me.**

🔹

Hos 13:4  **Yet I am the LORD thy God from the land of Egypt,** and thou shalt know no god but me: for there is no saviour beside me.

🔹

Jer 31:1  This is what the LORD said, "**At that time I will be the God of all the tribes of Israel.** And they will be my people."

🔹

Psa 50:7  God says, "My people, listen to me! People of Israel, I will show my evidence against you.** I am God, your God. **

2. The Messiah is a deity as the God the Father's first-born BUT He is separate and inferior (subservient) to the Father

Mat 26:39  Then Jesus went on a little farther away from them. He fell to the ground and prayed, **"My Father, if it is possible, don't make me drink from this cup. But do what you want, not what I want."**

🔹

Joh 4:34  Jesus said, "My food is to do what the one who sent me wants me to do.** My food is to finish the work that He gave me to do. **

🔹

1Co 11:3  But I want you to understand this: The head of every man is Christ. And the head of a woman is the man. **And the head of Christ is God.**

The world was created THROUGH Him Yahshua Messiah (the Son):

Joh 1:3  Everything was made **through him**, and **nothing** was made** without him**.

🔹

Eph 3:9  And to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery, which from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God, **who created all things by Jesus Christ:**

The Messiah is the IMAGE of the Invisible Father who came in the flesh to fulfill His Father's will and redeem His set-apart people.

Col 1:15  **Who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature:**

Col 1:16  **For by him were all things created**, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, **visible and invisible,** whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him:

The Messiah who is a REPRESENTATION of the Father in the flesh COULD BE TEMPTED BY SIN; and COULD DIE AS A LAMB, the Passover Lamb, and be raised by the Father from the dead.

Mat 4:1  Then was Jesus led up of the Spirit into the wilderness **to be tempted of the devil.**

Mar 1:13  And he was there in the wilderness forty days, **tempted of Satan;** and was with the wild beasts; and the angels ministered unto him.

Luk 4:2  **Being forty days tempted of the devil**. And in those days he did eat nothing: and when they were ended, he afterward hungered.

Test everything. 1 Thess 5:21. All glory to the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.