# Isaiah 52:15 — Latter Rain

> Isaiah 52:15 So shall he sprinkle many nations; ***~the kings shall shut their mouths at him~***: for that which had not been told them shall they see; and that which they had not heard shall they consider.

> Job 29:22-23
>
> 22 ***~After my words they spake not again~***; and my speech dropped upon them.
>
> 23 And they waited for me as for the rain; and they opened their mouth wide as for the latter rain.

(Isaiah 52:15) "sprinkle many nations" = (Job 29:23) "latter rain"

> Isaiah 65:1 I am sought of them that asked not for me; I am found of them that sought me not: I said, Behold me, behold me, unto a nation that was not called by my name.

> Deuteronomy 32:1-3
>
> 1 Give ear, O ye heavens, and I will speak; and ***~hear~***, O earth, ***~the words of my mouth~***.
>
> 2 My doctrine shall drop as the rain, my speech shall distil as the dew, as the small rain upon the tender herb, and as the showers upon the grass:
>
> 3 Because I will publish the name of the Lord: ascribe ye greatness unto our God.

Just as we received the spirit/rain from the sprinkinling of Yeshua's blood, after the watchmen die, the people will receive the latter rain.

> John 12:23-24
>
> 23 And Yeshua answered them, saying, The hour is come, that the Son of man should be glorified.
>
> 24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone: but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit.

Many will spring up because of the servants...

---

## Identity of Isaiah 52:15

> Isaiah 52:13-15
>
> 13 Behold, ***~my servant shall deal prudently~***, he shall be exalted and extolled, and be very high.
>
> 14 As many were astonied at thee; his visage was so marred more than any man, and his form more than the sons of men:
>
> 15 So shall he sprinkle many nations; the kings shall shut their mouths at him: for that which had not been told them shall they see; and that which they had not heard shall they consider.

> Hosea 14:9 Who is wise, and he shall understand these things? ***~prudent~***, and he shall know them? for the ways of the Lord are right, and the just shall walk in them: but the transgressors shall fall therein.

Many other verses of "the prudent"...

> (Septuagint) Isaiah 52:15 Thus shall ***~many nations wonder at him~***; and kings shall keep their mouths shut: for they to whom no report was brought concerning him, shall see; and they who have not heard, shall consider.

> Zechariah 3:8 Hear now, O Joshua the high priest, thou, and thy fellows that sit before thee: for they are ***~men wondered at~***: for, behold, I will bring forth my servant the Branch.

---

It sounds like another Isaiah 44:1-5 will play out.