# People who fall away

> 2 Baruch 22:2-7
>
> 2 Baruch, Baruch, why are you troubled?
>
> 3 He who travels by a road but does not complete it, or who departs by sea but does not arrive at the port, can he be comforted?
>
> 4 Or he who promises to give a present to another, but does not fulfill it, is it not robbery?
>
> 5 Or he who sows the earth, but does not reap its fruit in its season, does he not lose everything?
>
> 6 Or he who plants a plant unless it grows till the time suitable to it, does he who planted it expect to receive fruit from it?
>
> 7 Or a woman who has conceived, if she bring forth untimely, does she not assuredly slay her infant?
>
> 8 Or he who builds a house, if he does not roof it and complete it, can it be called a house? Tell Me that first.

# 2 Baruch 21

> 2 Baruch 21:19-22
>
> 19 How long will that which is corruptible remain, and how long will the time of mortals be prospered, and until what time will those who transgress in the world be polluted with much wickedness?
>
> 20 Command therefore in mercy and accomplish all that you saidst you wouldst bring, that Your might may be made known to those who think that Your long-suffering is weakness.
>
> 21 And show to those who know not, that everything that has befallen us and our city until now has been according to the long-suffering of Your power, because ***~on account of Your name you have called us a beloved people~***.
>
> 22 Bring to an end therefore henceforth mortality.

# Books opened for judgment

> 2 Baruch 24:1 For behold! the days come and ***~the books shall be opened~*** in which are written the sins of all those who have sinned, and again also the treasuries in which the righteousness of all those who have been righteous in creation is gathered.

> Daniel 7:10 A fiery stream issued and came forth from before him: thousand thousands ministered unto him, and ten thousand times ten thousand stood before him: the judgment was set, and the ***~books were opened~***.

> Revelation 20:12 And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the ***~books were opened: and another book was opened~***, which is the book of life: and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works.

# Birth pains & tribulation

> 2 Baruch 27:2 In the first part there shall be the ***~beginning of commotions~***.

> Matthew 24:8 All these are the ***~beginning of sorrows~***.

> 2 Baruch 27:6 And in the fifth part famine and the ***~withholding of rain~***.

> Amos 4:7 And also I have ***~withholden the rain~*** from you, when there were yet three months to the harvest: and I caused it to **rain** upon one city, and caused it not to **rain** upon another city: one piece was **rain**ed upon, and the piece whereupon it rained not withered.

# Behemoth

> 2 Baruch 29:4 And ***~Behemoth~*** shall be revealed from his place and Leviathan shall ascend from the sea, those two great monsters which I created on the fifth day of creation, and shall have kept until that time; and then they shall be for food for all that are left.

> Job 40:15-24
>
> 15 Behold now ***~behemoth~***, which I made with thee; he eateth grass as an ox.
>
> 16 Lo now, his strength is in his loins, and his force is in the navel of his belly.
>
> 17 He moveth his tail like a cedar: the sinews of his stones are wrapped together.
>
> 18 His bones are as strong pieces of brass; his bones are like bars of iron.
>
> 19 He is the chief of the ways of God: he that made him can make his sword to approach unto him.
>
> 20 Surely the mountains bring him forth food, where all the beasts of the field play.
>
> 21 He lieth under the shady trees, in the covert of the reed, and fens.
>
> 22 The shady trees cover him with their shadow; the willows of the brook compass him about.
>
> 23 Behold, he drinketh up a river, and hasteth not: he trusteth that he can draw up Jordan into his mouth.
>
> 24 He taketh it with his eyes: his nose pierceth through snares.

# Latter rain

> 2 Baruch 29:8 And it shall come to pass at that self-same time that ***~the treasury of manna shall again descend from on high~***, and they will eat of it in those years, because these are they who have come to the consummation of time.

> 2 Baruch 30:2-3
>
> 2 Then all who have fallen asleep in hope of Him shall rise again. And it shall come to pass at that time that ***~the treasuries will be opened in which is preserved the number of the souls of the righteous, and they shall come forth~***, and a multitude of souls shall be seen together in one assemblage of one thought, and the first shall rejoice and the last shall not be grieved.
>
> 3 For they know that the time has come of which it is said, that it is the consummation of the times.

# Hear and Do

God is only speaking to Jacob when he says Hear and Do

> 2 Baruch 31:3 And I answered and said unto them: Hear, O Israel, and I will speak to you, And give ear, ***~O seed of Jacob~***, and I will instruct you.

> Deuteronomy 32:1 Give ear, O ye heavens, and I will speak; and hear, O earth, the words of my mouth.

# A little while / little time

> 2 Baruch 32:2 [Because after ***~a little time~*** the building of Zion will be shaken in order that it may be built again.

> 2 Baruch 48:12 For in ***~a little time~*** are we born, And in a little time do we return.

> James 4:14 Whereas ye know not what shall be on the morrow. For what is your life? It is even a vapour, that appeareth for ***~a~****~ **little** **time**~*, and then vanisheth away.

> Job 24:24 They are exalted for ***~a little while~***, but are gone and brought low; they are taken out of the way as all other, and cut off as the tops of the ears of corn.

> Psalm 37:10 For yet ***~a little while~***, and the wicked shall not be: yea, thou shalt diligently consider his place, and it shall not be.

> Isaiah 63:18 The people of thy holiness have possessed it but ***~a little while~***: our adversaries have trodden down thy sanctuary.

> Jeremiah 51:33 For thus saith the Lord of hosts, the God of Israel; The daughter of Babylon is like a threshingfloor, it is time to thresh her: yet ***~a little while~***, and the time of her harvest shall come.

> Hosea 1:4 And the Lord said unto him, Call his name Jezreel; for yet ***~a little while~***, and I will avenge the blood of Jezreel upon the house of Jehu, and will cause to cease the kingdom of the house of Israel.

> Haggai 2:6 For thus saith the Lord of hosts; Yet once, it is ***~a little while~***, and I will shake the heavens, and the earth, and the sea, and the dry land;

> Luke 22:58 And after ***~a little while~*** another saw him, and said, Thou art also of them. And Peter said, Man, I am not.

> John 7:33 Then said Yeshua unto them, Yet ***~a little while~*** am I with you, and then I go unto him that sent me.

> John 12:35 Then Yeshua said unto them, Yet ***~a little while~*** is the light with you. Walk while ye have the light, lest darkness come upon you: for he that walketh in darkness knoweth not whither he goeth.

> John 13:33 Little children, yet ***~a little while~*** I am with you. Ye shall seek me: and as I said unto the Jews, Whither I go, ye cannot come; so now I say to you.

> John 14:19 Yet ***~a little while~***, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

> John 16:16 ***~A little while~***, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me, because I go to the Father.

> John 16:17 Then said some of his disciples among themselves, What is this that he saith unto us, ***~A little while~***, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me: and, Because I go to the Father?

> John 16:18 They said therefore, What is this that he saith, ***~A little while~***? we cannot tell what he saith.

> John 16:19 Now Yeshua knew that they were desirous to ask him, and said unto them, Do ye enquire among yourselves of that I said, A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, ***~a little while~***, and ye shall see me?

> Hebrews 10:37 For yet ***~a little while~***, and he that shall come will come, and will not tarry.

# 2 Baruch 41

> 2 Baruch 41:3-4
> 3 For lo! I see many of Your people who have withdrawn from Your covenant, and cast from them the yoke of Your law.
> 4 But others again I have seen who have forsaken their vanity, and fled for refuge beneath Your wings.

People have withdrawn from the 10 commandments (the covenant) and grace/conviction (the yoke of the law). Others have taken refuge in God’s spirit (wings).

# Quickened by his spirit

> 2 Baruch 45:1-2
>
> 1 Do you therefore so far as you are able instruct the people, for that labor is ours.
>
> 2 For if you teach them, you will quicken them.'

# Taking nothing from the Gentiles

> 2 Baruch 48:23 [To all time are we blessed at all events in this that ***~we have not mingled with the Gentiles~***.]

> 3 John 1:7 Because that for his name's sake they went forth, ***~taking nothing of the Gentiles~***.

# Not many speaking upright words

> 2 Baruch 48:33 For there shall not be found many wise at that time, And ***~the intelligent shall be but a few~***: Moreover, even those who know shall most of all be silent.

> Ascension of Isaiah 3:27 And there will not be in those days many prophets, nor those who speak trustworthy words, save one here and there in divers places,

# They knew they were transgressing

> 2 Baruch 48:40 Because each of the inhabitants of the earth knew when he was transgressing. But My Law they knew not by reason of their pride.

# Made like the stars/angels