[**~Ezk 24:21~**](verseid:26.24.21)  Speak unto the house of Israel, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will profane my sanctuary, the excellency of your strength, the desire of your eyes, and that which your soul pitieth; and your sons and your daughters whom ye have left shall fall by the sword.

[**~Ezk 24:22~**](verseid:26.24.22)  And ye shall do as I have done: ye shall not cover your lips, nor eat the bread of men.

[**~Ezk 24:23~**](verseid:26.24.23)  And your tires shall be upon your heads, and your shoes upon your feet: ye shall not mourn nor weep; but ye shall pine away for your iniquities, and mourn one toward another.

[**~Ezk 24:24~**](verseid:26.24.24)  Thus Ezekiel is unto you a sign: according to all that he hath done shall ye do: and when this cometh, ye shall know that I am the Lord GOD.

[**~Ezk 24:25~**](verseid:26.24.25)  Also, thou son of man, shall it not be in the day when I take from them their strength, the joy of their glory, the desire of their eyes, and that whereupon they set their minds, their sons and their daughters,

[**~Jer 31:15~**](verseid:24.31.15)  Thus saith the LORD; A voice was heard in Ramah, lamentation, and bitter weeping; Rahel weeping for her children refused to be comforted for her children, because they were not.

[**~Jer 31:16~**](verseid:24.31.16)  Thus saith the LORD; Refrain thy voice from weeping, and thine eyes from tears: for thy work shall be rewarded, saith the LORD; and they shall come again from the land of the enemy.

[**~Jer 31:17~**](verseid:24.31.17)  And there is hope in thine end, saith the LORD, that thy children shall come again to their own border.

[**~Mat 2:18~**](verseid:40.2.18)  In Rama was there a voice heard, lamentation, and weeping, and great mourning, Rachel weeping for her children, and would not be comforted, because they are not.

[**~Mat 2:19~**](verseid:40.2.19)  But when Herod was dead, behold, an angel of the Lord appeareth in a dream to Joseph in Egypt,

[**~Mat 2:20~**](verseid:40.2.20)  Saying, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and go into the land of Israel: for they are dead which sought the young child's life.

---

[**~Ezk 24:26~**](verseid:26.24.26)  That he that escapeth in that day shall come unto thee, to cause thee to hear it with thine ears?

[**~Ezk 24:27~**](verseid:26.24.27)  In that day shall thy mouth be opened to him which is escaped, and thou shalt speak, and be no more dumb: and thou shalt be a sign unto them; and they shall know that I am the LORD.