> Genesis 7:11 In the six hundredth year of Noah's life, in the second month, the seventeenth day of the month, the same day were all the fountains of the great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.

The latter rain?

> Genesis 7:19 And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and all the high hills, that were under the whole heaven, were covered.

Throughout prophecy with the mountains and such

> Genesis 7:21 And all flesh died that moved upon the earth, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of beast, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth, and every man:

Revelation talks like this

> Genesis 8:7 And he sent forth a raven, which went forth to and fro, until the waters were dried up from off the earth.

What happened to the raven? Could the raven represent Satan?

> Genesis 8:11 And the dove came in to him in the evening; and, lo, in her mouth was an olive leaf pluckt off: so Noah knew that the waters were abated from off the earth.

What does the olive branch represent?

Leaf = branch (Strongs)

Out of grate trib… God’s spirit gathers Israel?

Dove = God’s spirit

Olive branch = Israel

> Genesis 8:21 And the Lord smelled a sweet savour; and the Lord said in his heart, I will not again curse the ground any more for man's sake; for the imagination of man's heart is evil from his youth; neither will I again smite any more every thing living, as I have done.

Wellpleasing sacrifice

> Genesis 9:13 I do set my bow in the cloud, and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth.

Seen in Ezekiel 1 and Revelation 10

> Genesis 9:20 And Noah began to be an husbandman, and he planted a vineyard:

Tending Israel

> Genesis 9:22 And Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brethren without.

Committed adultery… idolatry

> Genesis 9:23 And Shem and Japheth took a garment, and laid it upon both their shoulders, and went backward, and covered the nakedness of their father; and their faces were backward, and they saw not their father's nakedness.

Covered nakedness = rebuke and giving garment of righteousness