# [*UK SABBATH*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N73byYD95W0)

Acts 1

Psalm 69

Matthew 21

Romans 15

## ***ROD OF IRON***

> Revelation 2:25-29
>
> 25 But that which ye have already hold fast till I come.
>
> 26 And he that overcometh, and keepeth my works unto the end, to him will I give power over the nations:
>
> 27 And 👉 he shall rule them with a ***~rod of iron~***; 👈 as the vessels of a potter shall they be broken to shivers: even as I received of my Father.
>
> 28 And I will give him the morning star.
>
> 29 He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.

> Revelation 12:3-5
>
> 3 And there appeared another wonder in heaven; and behold a great red dragon, having seven heads and ten horns, and seven crowns upon his heads.
>
> 4 And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven, and did cast them to the earth: and the dragon stood before the woman which was ready to be delivered, for to devour her child as soon as it was born.
>
> 5 And she brought forth a man child, who was to 👉 rule all nations with a ***~rod of iron~***: 👈 and her child was caught up unto God, and to his throne.

> Luke 19:17 And he said unto him, Well, thou good servant: because thou hast been faithful in a very little, have thou 👉 ***~authority~*** over ten cities. 👈

Not just about Yeshua, but also the manchild/144k.

> Micah 6:9 The Lord's voice crieth unto the city, and the man of wisdom shall see thy name: hear ye ***~the rod~***, and who hath appointed it.

- Receive a rod of iron because the name of God was revealed to them.
- Shama (Listen/Obey) Yeshua, and he will give you a rod of iron.

Micah 7:6 ↓

Matthew 10 ↔ Luke 10

Isaiah 47:1 → Isaiah 52:2

> Isaiah 47:1 Come down, and 👉 ***~sit in the DUST, O virgin daughter of Babylon~***, 👈 sit on the ground: there is no throne, O daughter of the Chaldeans: for thou shalt no more be called tender and delicate.

> Isaiah 52:2 👉 ***~Shake thyself from the DUST~***; 👈 arise, and sit down, O Jerusalem: loose thyself from the bands of thy neck, O captive daughter of Zion.

- Jerusalem = Jacob = the kingdom of God

> Luke 10:5-12
>
> 5 And into whatsoever house ye enter, first say, Peace be to this house.
>
> 6 And if the son of peace be there, your peace shall rest upon it: if not, it shall turn to you again.
>
> 7 And in the same house remain, eating and drinking such things as they give: for the labourer is worthy of his hire. Go not from house to house.
>
> 8 And into whatsoever city ye enter, and they receive you, eat such things as are set before you:
>
> 9 And heal the sick that are therein, and say unto them, The kingdom of God is come nigh unto you.
>
> 10 But into whatsoever city ye enter, and they receive you not, go your ways out into the streets of the same, and say,
>
> 11 👉 ***~Even the very DUST of your city, which cleaveth on us, we do wipe off against you~***: 👈 notwithstanding be ye sure of this, that the kingdom of God is come nigh unto you.
>
> 12 But I say unto you, that it shall be more tolerable in that day for Sodom, than for that city.

> Matthew 10:16-25
>
> 16 Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves: be ye therefore wise as serpents, and harmless as doves.
>
> 17 But beware of men: for they will deliver you up to the councils, and they will scourge you in their synagogues;
>
> 18 And ye shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them and the Gentiles.
>
> 19 But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak: for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall speak.
>
> 20 For it is not ye that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speaketh in you.
>
> 21 And the brother shall deliver up the brother to death, and the father the child: and the children shall rise up against their parents, and cause them to be put to death.
>
> 22 And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that endureth to the end shall be saved.
>
> 23 But when they persecute you in this city, flee ye into another: for verily I say unto you, Ye shall not have gone over the cities of Israel, till the Son of man be come.
>
> 24 The disciple is not above his master, nor the servant above his lord.
>
> 25 It is enough for the disciple that he be as his master, and the servant as his lord. If they have called the master of the house Beelzebub, how much more [*shall they call*] them of his household?

- Wipe off the dust of Mystery Babylon from your feet and they had Jacob (the kingdom of God) come to them.
- They call the master of their temple: Beelzebub/Jesus

> Matthew 10:26 Fear them not therefore: for there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; and hid, that shall not be known.

	•		•	You are given a hard forehead as a watchman

Micah 7:6 ↓

Matthew 10 ↔ Luke 10

Isaiah 47:1 → Isaiah 52:2

Isaiah 47:1 Come down, and 👉 ***~sit in the DUST, O virgin daughter of Babylon~***, 👈 sit on the ground: there is no throne, O daughter of the Chaldeans: for thou shalt no more be called tender and delicate.

Isaiah 52:2 👉 ***~Shake thyself from the DUST~***; 👈 arise, and sit down, O Jerusalem: loose thyself from the bands of thy neck, O captive daughter of Zion.

- Jerusalem = Jacob = the kingdom of God

Luke 10:5-12

5 And into whatsoever house ye enter, first say, Peace be to this house.

6 And if the son of peace be there, your peace shall rest upon it: if not, it shall turn to you again.

7 And in the same house remain, eating and drinking such things as they give: for the labourer is worthy of his hire. Go not from house to house.

8 And into whatsoever city ye enter, and they receive you, eat such things as are set before you:

9 And heal the sick that are therein, and say unto them, The kingdom of God is come nigh unto you.

10 But into whatsoever city ye enter, and they receive you not, go your ways out into the streets of the same, and say,

11 👉 ***~Even the very DUST of your city, which cleaveth on us, we do wipe off against you~***: 👈 notwithstanding be ye sure of this, that the kingdom of God is come nigh unto you.

12 But I say unto you, that it shall be more tolerable in that day for Sodom, than for that city.

Matthew 10:16-25

16 Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves: be ye therefore wise as serpents, and harmless as doves.

17 But beware of men: for they will deliver you up to the councils, and they will scourge you in their synagogues;

18 And ye shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them and the Gentiles.

19 But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak: for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall speak.

20 For it is not ye that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speaketh in you.

21 And the brother shall deliver up the brother to death, and the father the child: and the children shall rise up against their parents, and cause them to be put to death.

22 And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that endureth to the end shall be saved.

23 But when they persecute you in this city, flee ye into another: for verily I say unto you, Ye shall not have gone over the cities of Israel, till the Son of man be come.

24 The disciple is not above his master, nor the servant above his lord.

25 It is enough for the disciple that he be as his master, and the servant as his lord. If they have called the master of the house Beelzebub, how much more [*shall they call*] them of his household?

- Wipe off the dust of Mystery Babylon from your feet and they had Jacob (the kingdom of God) come to them.
- They call the master of their temple: Beelzebub/Jesus

Matthew 10:26 Fear them not therefore: for there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; and hid, that shall not be known.

	•		•	You are given a hard forehead as a watchman