> John 8:24 I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your sins: for if ye believe not that ***~I am he~***, ye shall die in your sins.

> John 18:6 As soon then as he had said unto them, ***~I am he~***, they went backward, and fell to the ground.

If you don’t believe that Yeshua is the guy from Deuteronomy 18:15-19, you will fall backward (Isaiah 28) & die in your sins.

# Stumble

> Psalm 27:2 When the wicked, even mine enemies and my foes, came upon me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and fell.

> Isaiah 8:15 And many among them shall stumble, and fall, and be broken, and be snared, and be taken.

> Isaiah 28:7 But they also have erred through wine, and through strong drink are out of the way; the priest and the prophet have erred through strong drink, they are swallowed up of wine, they are out of the way through strong drink; they err in vision, they stumble in judgment.

> Isaiah 59:10 We grope for the wall like the blind, and we grope as if we had no eyes: we stumble at noon day as in the night; we are in desolate places as dead men.

> Jeremiah 18:15 Because my people hath forgotten me, they have burned incense to vanity, and they have caused them to stumble in their ways from the ancient paths, to walk in paths, in a way not cast up;

> Jeremiah 20:11 But the Lord is with me as a mighty terrible one: therefore my persecutors shall stumble, and they shall not prevail: they shall be greatly ashamed; for they shall not prosper: their everlasting confusion shall never be forgotten.

> Jeremiah 50:32 And the most proud shall stumble and fall, and none shall raise him up: and I will kindle a fire in his cities, and it shall devour all round about him.

> Daniel 11:19 Then he shall turn his face toward the fort of his own land: but he shall stumble and fall, and not be found.

> Nahum 2:5 He shall recount his worthies: they shall stumble in their walk; they shall make haste to the wall thereof, and the defence shall be prepared.

> Malachi 2:8 But ye are departed out of the way; ye have caused many to stumble at the law; ye have corrupted the covenant of Levi, saith the Lord of hosts.

> John 11:10 But if a man walk in the night, he stumbleth, because there is no light in him.

> Romans 9:32 Wherefore? Because they sought it not by faith, but as it were by the works of the law. For they stumbled at that stumblingstone;

# Fall Backward

> Jeremiah 7:24 But they hearkened not, nor inclined their ear, but walked in the counsels and in the imagination of their evil heart, and went backward, and not forward.

> Isaiah 28:13 But the word of the Lord was unto them precept upon precept, precept upon precept; line upon line, line upon line; here a little, and there a little; that they might go, and fall backward, and be broken, and snared, and taken.

> Isaiah 8:15 And ***~many~*** among them shall stumble, and fall, and be broken, and be snared, and be taken.

> Luke 2:34 And Simeon blessed them, and said unto Mary his mother, Behold, this child is set for the fall and rising again of ***~many~*** in Israel; and for a sign which shall be spoken against;

> John 18:6 As soon then as he had said unto them, I am he, they went backward, and fell to the ground.