Matthew: Psalm 70-100

# [*AUSSIE SABBATH*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tctmHcRAvBQ)

> Romans 15:8 Now I say that Yeshua Messiah was a minister of the circumcision for the truth of God, to confirm the promises made unto the fathers:

- verses 9-12 build off of this verse

> Luke 1:72 ***~To perform the mercy promised to our fathers~***, and to remember his holy covenant;

> Romans 15:12 And again, Isaiah saith, There shall be a root of Jesse, and he that shall rise to reign over the Gentiles; in him shall the Gentiles trust.

> Isaiah 11:10 (LXX) And in that day there shall be a root of Jesse, and he that shall arise to rule over the Gentiles; in him shall the Gentiles trust, and his rest shall be glorious.

> Matthew 12:20-21
>
> 20 A bruised reed shall he not break, and smoking flax shall he not quench, till he send forth judgment unto victory.
>
> 21 And in his name shall the Gentiles trust.

> Isaiah 42:1-4 (LXX)
>
> 1 Jacob is my servant, I will help him: Israel is my chosen, my soul has accepted him; I have put my Spirit upon him; he shall bring forth judgment to the Gentiles.
>
> 2 He shall not cry, nor lift up his voice, nor shall his voice be heard without.
>
> 3 A bruised reed shall he not break, and smoking flax shall he not quench; but he shall bring forth judgment to truth.
>
> 4 He shall shine out, and shall not be discouraged, until he have set judgment on the earth: and in his name shall the Gentiles trust.

“in his name shall the gentiles trust” → they not have the opportunity to repent and enter into covenant

> Mark 8:15 And he charged them, saying, Take heed, beware of the leaven of the Pharisees, and of the leaven of Herod.

> Acts 12:21-23
>
> 21 And upon a set day Herod, 👉 ***~arrayed in royal apparel~***, 👈 sat upon his throne, and made an oration unto them.
>
> 22 And the people gave a shout, saying, It is the voice of a god, and not of a man.
>
> 23 And immediately the angel of the Lord smote him, because he gave not God the glory: and he was eaten of worms, and gave up the ghost.

> Isaiah 63:1-4
>
> 1 Who is this that cometh from Edom, with 👉 ***~dyed garments~*** 👈 from Bozrah? this that is 👉 ***~glorious in his apparel~***, 👈 travelling in the greatness of his strength? I that speak in righteousness, mighty to save.
>
> 2 Wherefore art thou red in thine apparel, and thy garments like him that treadeth in the winefat?
>
> 3 I have trodden the winepress alone; and of the people there was none with me: for I will tread them in mine anger, and trample them in my fury; and their blood shall be sprinkled upon my garments, and I will stain all my raiment.
>
> 4 For the day of vengeance is in mine heart, and the year of my redeemed is come.

*herod was an edomite*

> John 16:11 Of judgment, because the prince of this world is judged.

- prince of this word = jesus/satan
  - satan is brought down by these people fulfilling the royal law