> Malachi 3:10 Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, that there may be meat in mine house, and prove me now herewith, saith the Lord of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, 👉 ***~that there shall not be room enough to receive it~***. 👈

> Joel 2:24 And the floors shall be full of wheat, and 👉 ***~the vats shall OVERFLOW with wine and oil~***. 👈

# [*MAIN SPACE*](https://youtube.com/live/tnhnJgRHFMY)

1. Mark 13
   1. Daniel 12:1
   2. 2 Thessalonians 2
2. Jeremiah 8
3. 2 Peter 3
   1. Jeremiah 4-9 → chapter 8 is inside

Mark 13

Micah 7:1 (6-7 chapter)

> summer-fruits ([H7019](https://www.blueletterbible.org/lexicon/h7019/kjv/wlc/ss0/0-1)) ↓
>
> קַיִץ qayits, kah'-yits; from [H6972](https://www.blueletterbible.org/lexicon/H6972/kjv/wlc/ss1/0-1); harvest (as the crop), whether the product (grain or fruit) or the (dry) season:—summer (fruit, house).

> Isaiah 28:4 And the glorious beauty, which is on the head of the fat valley, shall be a fading flower, and as the ***~hasty fruit~*** before ***~the summer~*** ([H7019](https://www.blueletterbible.org/lexicon/h7019/kjv/wlc/ss0/0-1)); which when he that looketh upon it seeth, while it is yet in his hand he eateth it up.

- The hasty fruit before the summer fruit
- No one wants the bitter (no one listens to the watchmen / hasty-fruit / firstripe)
- Main crop is the late summer harvest
- “before the summer” → trying to point you that its before the summer harvest

↓ speculation ↓

firstfruits = about 120 … called up in spring

spring — summer → rest of 144k get raised up during this time

speculation

> Acts 1:12 Then returned they unto Jerusalem from the mount called Olivet, which is from Jerusalem a ***~sabbath day's journey~***.

- The 144k will return on the sabbath on the mount of olives

> John 4:34-36
>
> 34 Yeshua saith unto them, My meat is to do the will of him that sent me, and to finish his work.
>
> 35 Say not ye, ***~There are yet four months, and then cometh harvest~***? behold, I say unto you, Lift up your eyes, and look on the fields; for they are white already to harvest.
>
> 36 And he that reapeth receiveth wages, and gathereth fruit unto life eternal: that both he that soweth and he that reapeth may rejoice together.

> Amos 4:7 And also I have withholden the rain from you, when ***~there were yet three months to the harvest~***: and I caused it to rain upon one city, and caused it not to rain upon another city: one piece was rained upon, and the piece whereupon it rained not withered.

- Don’t say there are 4 months (the lord tarries) because the Old Testament says it’s 3 months
- 4 months would bring you to the fall?

We missed both harvests → harvest is past

the summer fruit likely has to go to death, get thrown out of churches

---

> Mark 13:14 But when ye shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing where it ought not, (let him that readeth understand,) then let them that be in Judaea flee to the mountains:

- When you start to see them proclaiming that Jesus is God in their temple (holy place)…
- 2 Peter 3

> Mark 13:23 But take ye heed: behold, I have foretold you all things.

↓

> 2 Thessalonians 2:5 Remember ye not, that, when I was yet with you, I told you these things?

---

> Zechariah 14:6-8
>
> 6 And it shall come to pass in that day, that the light shall not be clear, nor dark:
>
> 7 But ***~it shall be one day which shall be known to the Lord~***, not day, nor night: but it shall come to pass, that at evening time it shall be light.
>
> 8 And it shall be in that day, that living waters shall go out from Jerusalem; half of them toward the former sea, and half of them toward the hinder sea: in summer and in winter shall it be.

- Goes with Acts 1 (especially verses 7,12)
- 1 Thessalonians 5:1-2

> Acts 1:6-7
>
> 6 When they therefore were come together, they asked of him, saying, Lord, wilt thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel?
>
> 7 And he said unto them, ***~It is not for you to know the times or the seasons, which the Father hath put in his own power~***.