[UK sabbath](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hQTOJMaMbU)

> Psalm 51:19 Then shalt thou be pleased with the sacrifices of righteousness, with burnt offering and whole burnt offering: then shall they offer bullocks upon thine altar.

David realizes this isn’t what he desires, but it is what God requires for now.

> Psalm 119:99-100
>
> 99 I have more understanding than all my teachers: for thy testimonies are my meditation.
>
> 100 I understand more than the ancients, because I keep thy precepts.

---

> Revelation 14:8-11
>
> 8 And there followed another angel, saying, Babylon is fallen, is fallen, that great city, because she made all nations drink of the wine of the wrath of her fornication.
>
> 9 And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand,
>
> 10 The same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb:
>
> 11 And the smoke of their torment ascendeth up for ever and ever: and they have no rest day nor night, who worship the beast and his image, and whosoever receiveth the mark of his name.

- give satan/antichrist no peace day nor night → isaiah 62

## subscribe hand / mark on hand

> Isaiah 44:5 One shall say, I am the Lord's; and another shall call himself by the name of Jacob; and another shall subscribe with his hand unto the Lord, and surname himself by the name of Israel.

Jacob subscribes their hand to Yeshua.

> Zechariah 3:1 And he shewed me Joshua the high priest standing before the angel of the Lord, and Satan standing at his right hand to resist him.

> Psalm 109:6 Set thou a wicked man over him: and let Satan stand at his right hand.

Ephraim has Satan as their right hand.

---

> Amos 3:7 Surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

- If he is revealing it to the watchmen, then it is about to happen