Jeremiah 34

> 2 Peter 2:10 But chiefly them that walk after the flesh in the lust of uncleanness, and despise government. Presumptuous are they, selfwilled, they are not afraid to speak evil of dignities.

- About people that don’t want to take responsibility because their sin causes the people in high places to do the things they do

“accursed thing” → “shameful thing” (Jeremiah 11:13)

> Deuteronomy 7:26 Neither shalt thou bring an ***~abomination into thine house~***, lest thou be a cursed thing like it: but thou shalt utterly detest it, and thou shalt utterly abhor it; for it is a cursed thing.

- If you bring the abomination into your house/temple, you are cursed

> house ([H1004](https://www.blueletterbible.org/lexicon/h1004/kjv/wlc/0-1/))
>
> בַּיִת bayith, bah'-yith; probably from [H1129](https://) abbreviated; a house (in the greatest variation of applications, especially family, etc.):—court, daughter, door, + dungeon, family, + forth of, × great as would contain, hangings, home(born), (winter) house(-hold), inside(-ward), palace, place, + prison, + steward, + tablet, ***~temple~***, web, + within(-out).

---

> Matthew 5:19 Whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven: but whosoever shall do and teach them, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven.

> Isaiah 66:24 And they shall go forth, and look upon the carcases of the men that have transgressed against me: for their worm shall not die, neither shall their fire be quenched; and they shall be an abhorring unto all flesh.

---

> Job 34:20 In a moment shall they die, and the people shall be troubled at midnight, and pass away: and the mighty shall be taken away without hand.

> Isaiah 57:1-2
>
> 1 The righteous perisheth, and no man layeth it to heart: and merciful men are taken away, none considering that the righteous is taken away from the evil to come.
> ****2** He shall enter into peace: they shall rest in their beds, each one walking in his uprightness.