# [*MAIN SPACE*](https://youtube.com/live/9IastVsqW0g)

## Mark’s Peter Series

### First Series

- Part 1 — [1&2 Peter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OkIXGrxSLvQ)
- Part 2 — [1&2 Peter part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXRRWNRqPos)

### Second Series

- Part 1 — [1 Peter; MYSTERY BABYLON. 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVUcvC017AI)
- Part 2 — [1 Peter; MYSTERY BABYLON 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RraS5q7tUE0)
- Part 3 — [1 Peter; MYSTERY BABYLON 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihUuJb8kyXg)
- Part 4 — [1 Peter; MYSTERY BABYLON 4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVGpSpoQBBo)
- Part 5 — [2 Peter; mystery Babylon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1H35mSJOeg)

## Space

> 1 Peter 1:1 Peter, an apostle of Yeshua Messiah, to the strangers scattered throughout Pontus, Galatia, Cappadocia, Asia, and Bithynia,

- this is where the house of Israel was scattered (known as modern day Turkey)

> John 7:35 Then said the Jews among themselves, Whither will he go, that we shall not find him? will he go unto the dispersed among the Gentiles, and teach the Gentiles?

---

> 1 Peter 1:2 Elect ***~==🟡according to the foreknowledge==~*** of God the Father, through sanctification of the Spirit, unto obedience and sprinkling of the blood of Yeshua Messiah: Grace unto you, and peace, be multiplied.

> Romans 8:29 For ***~==🟡whom he did foreknow==~***, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his Son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren.

> 1 John 3:1-2
>
> 1 Behold, what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us, that we should be called the sons of God: therefore the world knoweth us not, because it knew him not.
>
> 2 Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be: but we know that, when he shall appear, we shall be like him; for we shall see him as he is.

Israel the election ≠ very elect / Jacob

Peter is SPECIFICALLY talking to the very elect.

---

> 1 Peter 1:4 To an inheritance incorruptible, and undefiled, and ***~that fadeth not away~***, reserved in heaven for you,

Peter says “that fadeth not away” specifically to point you to Isaiah 28.

> Isaiah 28:4-5
>
> 4 And the glorious beauty, which is on the head of the fat valley, shall be a fading flower, and as the hasty fruit before the summer; which when he that looketh upon it seeth, while it is yet in his hand he eateth it up.
>
> 5 In that day shall the Lord of hosts be for a crown of glory, and for a diadem of beauty, unto the residue of his people,

Ephraim has a crown that will fade away. The very elect will receive the crown of glory that wont fade away.

---

> Hebrews 11:39-40
>
> 39 And these all, having obtained a good report through faith, received not the promise:
>
> 40 God having provided some better thing for us, ***~that they without us should not be made perfect~***.

Without the watchmen in the last days, the work the prophets before did wouldn’t be made perfect. That’s why we enter into the work of the prophets to make their work perfect.

> 1 Peter 1:12 Unto whom it was revealed, that ***~not unto themselves, but unto us they did minister the things~***, which are now reported unto you by them that have preached the gospel unto you with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven; which things the angels desire to look into.

---

> 1 Peter 1:14 As obedient children, not fashioning yourselves according to the former lusts in your ignorance:

former lusts → former laciviousness/unmerited favor

---

1 Peter 1:15 → Hebrews 13:15-16

---

> 1 Peter 1:15-16
>
> 15 But as he which hath called you is holy, so be ye holy in all manner of conversation;
>
> 16 Because it is written, Be ye holy; for I am holy.

- Leviticus 11:44 → eat clean / rainbow covenant

> Leviticus 19:2 Speak unto all the congregation of the children of Israel, and say unto them, Ye shall be holy: for I the Lord your God am holy.

Peter is pointing to the ENTIRE chapter of Leviticus 19 (and Leviticus 11).

---

> 1 Peter 1:18 Forasmuch as ye know that ye were not redeemed with corruptible things, as silver and gold, from ***~your vain conversation received by tradition from your fathers~***;

> Jeremiah 23:26-27
>
> 26 How long shall this be in the heart of the prophets that prophesy lies? yea, they are prophets of the deceit of their own heart;
>
> 27 Which think to cause my people to forget my name by their dreams which they tell every man to his neighbour, ***~as their fathers~*** have forgotten my name for Baal.

---

1 Peter 1:20 → Proverbs 8 (→ John 1:1)

- john 17:24

---

1 Peter 1:22 → Psalm 24 ( [[20 — Complete/01 — Idioms/Pure Heart]] )

---

> 1 Peter 1:23-25
>
> 23 Being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which liveth and abideth for ever.
>
> 24 For all flesh is as grass, and all the glory of man as the flower of grass. The grass withereth, and the flower thereof falleth away:
>
> 25 But the word of the Lord endureth for ever. And this is the word which by the gospel is preached unto you.

> Isaiah 40:7-11
>
> 7 The grass withereth, the flower fadeth: because the spirit of the Lord bloweth upon it: surely the people is grass.
>
> 8 The grass withereth, the flower fadeth: but the word of our God shall stand for ever.
>
> 9 O Zion, that bringest good tidings, get thee up into the high mountain; O Jerusalem, that bringest good tidings, lift up thy voice with strength; lift it up, be not afraid; say unto the cities of Judah, Behold your God!
>
> 10 Behold, the Lord God will come with strong hand, and his arm shall rule for him: behold, his reward is with him, and his work before him.
>
> 11 He shall feed his flock like a shepherd: he shall gather the lambs with his arm, and carry them in his bosom, and shall gently lead those that are with young.

> Isaiah 62:6-9
>
> 6 I have set watchmen upon thy walls, O Jerusalem, which shall never hold their peace day nor night: ye that make mention of the Lord, keep not silence,
>
> 7 And give him no rest, till he establish, and till he make Jerusalem a praise in the earth.
>
> 8 The Lord hath sworn by his right hand, and by the arm of his strength, Surely I will no more give thy corn to be meat for thine enemies; and the sons of the stranger shall not drink thy wine, for the which thou hast laboured:
>
> 9 But they that have gathered it shall eat it, and praise the Lord; and they that have brought it together shall drink it in the courts of my holiness.

Hand = Yeshua

Arm = 144k

Peter tells you that the “gospel” (1 Peter 1:25) is the “good tidings” (Isaiah 40:9).

---

> 1 Peter 2:1-3
>
> 1 Wherefore laying aside all malice, and all guile, and hypocrisies, and envies, and all evil speakings,
>
> 2 As newborn babes, desire the sincere milk of the word, that ye may grow thereby:
>
> 3 If so be ye have tasted that the Lord is gracious.

Don’t go back to the things in verse 1 because you have tasted God’s grace (gracious). You’re tasting God’s salt.

> Colossians 4:6 Let your speech be always with grace, seasoned with salt, that ye may know how ye ought to answer every man.

> 1 Peter 2:5 Ye also, as lively stones, are built up a spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to offer up ***~spiritual sacrifices~***, acceptable to God by Yeshua Messiah.

---

> 1 Peter 2:6-8
>
> 6 Wherefore also it is contained in the scripture, Behold, I lay in Sion a chief corner stone, elect, precious: and he that believeth on him shall not be confounded.
>
> 7 Unto you therefore which believe he is precious: but unto them which be disobedient, the stone which the builders disallowed, the same is made the head of the corner,
>
> 8 And a stone of stumbling, and a rock of offence, even to them which stumble at the word, being disobedient: whereunto also they were appointed.

Stumbling at the stumbling stone = not hearing the refreshing of the holy covenant.

> Isaiah 8:13-15
>
> 13 Sanctify the Lord of hosts himself; and let him be your fear, and let him be your dread.
>
> 14 And he shall be for a sanctuary; but for a stone of stumbling and for a rock of offence to both the houses of Israel, for a gin and for a snare to the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
>
> 15 And many among them shall stumble, and fall, and be broken, and be snared, and be taken.

“Both” → indicates there is 2 (2 houses), not just one house

> Isaiah 28:9-13
>
> 9 Whom shall he teach knowledge? and whom shall he make to understand doctrine? them that are weaned from the milk, and drawn from the breasts.
>
> 10 For precept must be upon precept, precept upon precept; line upon line, line upon line; here a little, and there a little:
>
> 11 For with stammering lips and another tongue will he speak to this people.
>
> 12 To whom he said, This is the rest wherewith ye may cause the weary to rest; and this is the refreshing: yet they would not hear.
>
> 13 But the word of the Lord was unto them precept upon precept, precept upon precept; line upon line, line upon line; here a little, and there a little; that they might go, and fall backward, and be broken, and snared, and taken.

---

> 1 Peter 2:7 Unto you therefore which believe he is precious: but unto them which be disobedient, the stone which the builders disallowed, the same is made the head of the corner,

Believe → (opposite) disobedient

- Thus, believe = obedient

---

> 1 Peter 2:9 But ye are a ***~chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people~***; that ye should shew forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvellous light;

↓

> Deuteronomy 14:2 For thou art an ***~holy people~*** unto the Lord thy God, and the Lord hath chosen thee to be a ***~peculiar people~*** unto himself, above all the nations that are upon the earth.

- rainbow covenant chapter

|

> Exodus 19:5-6
>
> 5 Now therefore, if ye will obey my voice indeed, and keep my covenant, then ye shall be a ***~peculiar treasure~*** unto me above all people: for all the earth is mine:
>
> 6 And ye shall be unto me a ***~kingdom of priests~***, and an ***~holy nation~***. These are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel.

- holy covenant agreement

> Exodus 23:22 (LXX) If ye will indeed hear my voice, and if thou wilt do all the things I shall charge thee with, and keep my covenant, ye shall be to me a ***~peculiar people~*** above all nations, for the whole earth is mine; and ye shall be to me a ***~royal priesthood~***, and a ***~holy nation~***: these words shall ye speak to the children of Israel, If ye shall indeed hear my voice, and do all the things I shall tell thee, I will be an enemy to thine enemies, and an adversary to thine adversaries.

Peculiar treasures → same jewels on the garment and in Malachi 3

> Malachi 3:17 And they shall be mine, saith the Lord of hosts, in that day when I make up my ***~jewels~***; and I will spare them, as a man spareth his own son that serveth him.

jewels ([H5459](https://www.blueletterbible.org/lexicon/h5459/kjv/wlc/0-1/)) → same hebrew wordin Exodus 19:5, Deuteronom 7:6, Deuteronomy 14:2, Deuteronomy 26:18, Psalm 135:4, Ecclesiastes 2:8, Malachi 3:17

---

> 1 Peter 1:9 But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people; that ye should ***~shew forth the PRAISES of him~*** who hath called you out of darkness into his marvellous light;

> Hebrews 13:15-16
>
> 15 By him therefore let us offer ***~the sacrifice of PRAISE~*** to God continually, that is, the fruit of our lips giving thanks to his name.
>
> 16 But to do good and to communicate forget not: for with such sacrifices God is well pleased.

The whole point you were woken up to keep the covenants of promise was to tell others to do so (royal law).

---

1 Peter 2:10 → Hosea 1-2

Paul calls Israel as Gentiles because they became gentiles. (Romans 9 when he quotes Hosea)

---

> 1 Peter 2:11 Dearly beloved, I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims, abstain from fleshly lusts, which war against the soul;

Beloved = same people that keep the covenants of promise

Fleshly → sacrificial law (Romans 8 & Galatians 3)

---

1 Peter 2:13-14 → Romans 13

1 Peter 2:12 → Romans 13:13

---

> 1 Peter 2:17 Honour all men. Love the brotherhood. Fear God. Honour the king.

love the brotherhood = royal law

---

1 Peter 2:22 = Revelation 14:5

1 Peter 2:25 → Ezekiel 34

---

> 1 Peter 3:1-2
>
> 1 Likewise, ye wives, be in subjection to your own husbands; that, if any obey not the word, they also may without the word be won by the conversation of the wives;
>
> 2 While they behold your chaste conversation coupled with fear.

Just as you submit to the governments and such (previous chapter / bad chapter break), wives must submit to husbands.

> 1 Peter 3:5 For after this manner in the old time the holy women also, who trusted in God, adorned themselves, being in subjection unto their own husbands:

If you are not in subjection to your husband, you don’t trust in God.