Check out the end (last chapters) of all of paul’s letters

All of them end with either what we are already do for encouragement or instruction

---

> James 5:8-9
>
> 8 Be ye also patient; stablish your hearts: for the coming of the Lord draweth nigh.
>
> 9 ***~Grudge not one against another~***, brethren, lest ye be condemned: behold, the judge standeth before the door.

- Hebrews 12:15
- grudge → hebrews 13:17

# “above all things”

> James 5:12 But ***~above all things~***, my brethren, swear not, neither by heaven, neither by the earth, neither by any other oath: but let your yea be yea; and your nay, nay; lest ye fall into condemnation.

- Matthew 5:33-37

> 1 Peter 4:8 And ***~above all things~*** have fervent charity among yourselves: for charity shall cover the multitude of sins.

> 3 John 1:2 Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospereth.

# cloak

> Matthew 5:40 And if any man will sue thee at the law, and take away thy coat, let him have thy cloak also.

> 2 Timothy 4:13 The cloke that I left at Troas with Carpus, when thou comest, bring with thee, and the books, but especially the parchments.

When you fulfill the royal law, let them have your coat. Paul was fulfilling the royal law in Troas and asked to get his cloke.

# john rebukes the 7 churches

> Revelation 1:3-4
>
> 3 Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand.
>
> 4 John ***~to the seven churches~*** which are in Asia: ***~Grace~*** be unto you, and peace, from him which is, and which was, and which is to come; and from the seven Spirits which are before his throne;

- The grace on you is supposed to be the conviction from the rebuke

> 2 Thessalonians 3:17-18
>
> 17 ***~The salutation of Paul with mine own hand~***, which is the token in every epistle: so I write.
>
> 18 The grace of our Lord Yeshua Messiah be with you all. Amen.

# vow

> Numbers 30:8 But if her husband disallowed her on the day that he heard it; then he shall make her vow which she vowed, and that which she uttered with her lips, wherewith she bound her soul, of none effect: and the Lord shall forgive her.

> Isaiah 65:24 And it shall come to pass, that before they call, I will answer; and while they are yet speaking, I will hear.

numbers 30 (disannul the vow when hearing it = rebuke them in the moment) → 1 peter 4:8-9

- verse 9 talks abotu grudging… connecting to earlier