> Jubilees 33:19-20
>
> 19 And tell them these words of the covenant, that they may hear and observe, and be on their guard with respect to them, and not be destroyed and rooted out of the land; for an uncleanness, and an abomination, and a contamination, and a pollution are all they who commit it on the earth before our God.
>
> 20 And there is no greater sin than the fornication which they commit on earth; for Israel is ***~a holy nation unto the Lord its God, and a nation of inheritance, and a priestly and royal nation~*** and for (His own) possession; and there shall no such uncleanness appear in the midst of the holy nation.

> Exodus 19:5-6
> 5 Now therefore, if ye will obey my voice indeed, and keep my covenant, then ye shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all people: for all the earth is mine:
> 6 And ye shall be unto me ***~a kingdom of priests, and an holy nation~***. These are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel.

---

great mystery church

get wife spotless

mary vs. judas → she anoints in yeshua in mark's account to make hair grow long

- in john's account…

ephesians 5 (about wives and husbands)

anoint feet with oil ... making her hair long

lazarus ...

donkey...

mary sits at feet wanting to hear royal law

- mary represents the 144k

read rest of luke 10... it is about mary that sat at yeshua's feet ... she represents the samaritan woman

---

> Luke 10:38-42
>
> 38 Now it came to pass, as they went, that he entered into a certain village: and a certain woman named Martha received him into her house.
>
> 39 And she had a sister called Mary, which also sat at Yeshua' feet, and heard his word.
>
> 40 But Martha was cumbered about much serving, and came to him, and said, Lord, dost thou not care that my sister hath left me to serve alone? bid her therefore that she help me.
>
> 41 And Yeshua answered and said unto her, Martha, Martha, thou art careful and troubled about many things:
>
> 42 But one thing is needful: and Mary hath chosen that good part, which shall not be taken away from her.

# John 12:1-17

> John 12:3 Then took Mary a pound of ointment of spikenard, very costly, and anointed the feet of Yeshua, and wiped his ***~feet~*** with her hair: and the house was filled with the odour of the ointment.

> John 12:16 These things understood not his disciples at the first: but when Yeshua was glorified, then remembered they that these things were written of him, and that they had done these things unto him.

- You receive the meat in due season after already fulfilling it

# Mark 14:1-9

> Mark 14:3 And being in Bethany in the house of Simon the leper, as he sat at meat, there came a woman having an alabaster box of ointment of spikenard very precious; and she brake the box, and poured it on his ***~head~***.

> Mark 14:9 Verily I say unto you, Wheresoever this gospel shall be preached throughout the whole world, this also that she hath done shall be spoken of for a memorial of her.

> Ephesians 5:32 This is a great mystery: but I speak concerning Christ and the church.

Head → She lets Yeshua be her covering by anointing his head. That is the mystery.

# John 12 vs Mark 14

- John 12:3 / Mark 14:3 → feet vs head
- John 12:4 / Mark 14:4 → "some" ... it is all the sons of perdition

proverbs 31