Matthew 13:33 Another parable spake he unto them; The kingdom of heaven is like unto leaven, which a woman took, and hid in three measures of meal, till the whole was leavened.

- 3 for the 3 types of leaven? (Pharisees, Saducees, Herod)

It was John (Mark) and Andrew that were together ↓

John never names himself in the gospel of John

> Psalm 144:7-12
>
> 7 Send thine hand from above; rid me, and deliver me out of great waters, from the hand of ***~strange children~***;
>
> 8 Whose mouth speaketh vanity, and their right hand is a right hand of falsehood.
>
> 9 I will sing a new song unto thee, O God: upon a psaltery and an instrument of ten strings will I sing praises unto thee.
>
> 10 It is he that giveth salvation unto kings: who delivereth David his servant from the hurtful sword.
>
> 11 Rid me, and deliver me from the hand of ***~strange children~***, whose mouth speaketh vanity, and their ***~right hand is a right hand of falsehood~***:
>
> 12 That our sons may be ***~as plants grown up~*** in their youth; that our daughters may be ***~as corner stones~***, polished after the similitude of a palace:

- strange children → hosea 5:7
- speaketh vanity →
- right hand → [[Daily/2026-01-17]]
- plants grown up → isaiah 44, isaiah 61
- corner stones → isaiah 8, isaiah 28

> Isaiah 44:20 He feedeth on ashes: a deceived heart hath turned him aside, that he cannot deliver his soul, nor say, Is there not a ***~lie in my right hand~***?

# [*WOMEN’s SPACE*](https://youtube.com/live/O4lIoi9kzJk)

***covering***

related: [[Daily/2026-01-19]] 

Isaiah 63:1-4

Isaiah 30:1

Ezekiel 28 (especially v14)

> Matthew 22:11-14
>
> 11 And when the king came in to see the guests, he saw there a man which had not on a wedding garment:
>
> 12 And he saith unto him, Friend, how camest thou in hither not having a wedding garment? And he was speechless.
>
> 13 Then said the king to the servants, Bind him hand and foot, and take him away, and cast him into outer darkness, there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.
>
> 14 For many are called, but few are chosen.

Zephaniah 1

Psalm 73:6

# [*MAIN SPACE*](https://youtube.com/live/nmuvN_oi81g)

> Jeremiah 12:16-17
>
> 16 And it shall come to pass, if they will diligently learn the ways of my people, to swear by my name, The Lord liveth; as they taught my people to swear by Baal; then shall they be built in the midst of my people.
>
> 17 But if they will not obey, 👉 ***~I will utterly pluck up and destroy that nation~***, 👈 saith the Lord.

> Jeremiah 1:10 See, I have this day set thee over the nations and over the kingdoms, 👉 ***~to root out, and to pull down, and to destroy~***, 👈 and to throw down, to build, and to plant.

God will use the watchmen to destroy those that call on Baal/Jesus still.