# Main Space

acob and ephraim talked about together

Matthew 13 (3 parables):

- wheat and tares (ephraim is the tares)
- small mustard seed (jacob is small and becomes a tree → isaiah 61
- seed sower
- measures of meal

> Matthew 13:35 That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, saying, I will open my mouth in parables; I will utter things which have been kept secret from the foundation of the world.

> Psalm 78:2 I will open my mouth in a parable: I will utter dark sayings of old:

> Psalm 49:4 I will incline mine ear to a parable: I will open my dark saying upon the harp.

Read Psalm 78, 49 to see context of what Yeshua is saying.

> Psalm 78:9-10,31-34
>
> 9 The children of Ephraim, being armed, and carrying bows, turned back in the day of battle.
>
> 10 They kept not the covenant of God, and refused to walk in his law;
>
> …
>
> 31 The wrath of God came upon them, and slew the fattest of them, and smote down the chosen men of Israel.
>
> 32 For all this they sinned still, and believed not for his wondrous works.
>
> 33 Therefore their days did he consume in vanity, and their years in trouble.
>
> 34 ***~==🔴When he slew them, then they sought him: and they returned and enquired early after God==~***.

Ephraim turned from the royal law, so God will kill them (they will go into great tribulation + the pit) and then resurrect them when they seek after him

> Hosea 5:9-15
>
> 9 Ephraim shall be desolate in the day of rebuke: among the tribes of Israel have I made known that which shall surely be.
>
> 10 The princes of Judah were like them that remove the bound: therefore I will pour out my wrath upon them like water.
>
> 11 Ephraim is oppressed and broken in judgment, because he willingly walked after the commandment.
>
> 12 Therefore will I be unto Ephraim as a moth, and to the house of Judah as rottenness.
>
> 13 When Ephraim saw his sickness, and Judah saw his wound, then went Ephraim to the Assyrian, and sent to king Jareb: yet could he not heal you, nor cure you of your wound.
>
> 14 For I will be unto Ephraim as a lion, and as a young lion to the house of Judah: I, even I, will tear and go away; I will take away, and none shall rescue him.
>
> 15 I will go and return to my place, ***~==🔴till they acknowledge their offence, and seek my face: in their affliction they will seek me early==~***.

Saying the same thing as Psalm 78:9-10,31-34

> Luke 12:35-48
>
> 35 Let your loins be girded about, and your lights burning;
>
> 36 And ye yourselves like unto men that wait for their lord, when he will return from the wedding; that when he cometh and knocketh, they may open unto him immediately.
>
> 37 Blessed are those servants, whom the lord when he cometh shall find watching: verily I say unto you, that he shall gird himself, and make them to sit down to meat, and will come forth and serve them.
>
> 38 And if he shall come in the second watch, or come in the third watch, and find them so, blessed are those servants.
>
> 39 And this know, that if the goodman of the house had known what hour the thief would come, he would have watched, and not have suffered his house to be broken through.
>
> 40 Be ye therefore ready also: for the Son of man cometh at an hour when ye think not.
>
> 41 Then Peter said unto him, Lord, speakest thou this parable unto us, or even to all?
>
> 42 And the Lord said, Who then is that faithful and wise steward, whom his lord shall make ruler over his household, to give them their portion of meat in due season?
>
> 43 Blessed is that servant, whom his lord when he cometh shall find so doing.
>
> 44 Of a truth I say unto you, that he will make him ruler over all that he hath.
>
> 45 But and if that servant say in his heart, My lord delayeth his coming; and shall begin to beat the menservants and maidens, and to eat and drink, and to be drunken;
>
> 46 The lord of that servant will come in a day when he looketh not for him, and at an hour when he is not aware, and will cut him in sunder, and will appoint him his portion with the unbelievers.
>
> 47 And ***~==🔴that servant, which knew his lord's will, and prepared not himself, neither did according to his will, shall be beaten with many stripes==~***.
>
> 48 But he that knew not, and did commit things worthy of stripes, shall be beaten with few stripes. For unto whomsoever much is given, of him shall be much required: and to whom men have committed much, of him they will ask the more.

Ephraim knows God’s will to fulfill the royal law, so they will be beaten with many stripes (go into great tribulation).

> Matthew 18:28-35
>
> 28 But the same servant went out, and found one of his fellowservants, which owed him an hundred pence: and he laid hands on him, and took him by the throat, saying, Pay me that thou owest.
>
> 29 And his fellowservant fell down at his feet, and besought him, saying, Have patience with me, and I will pay thee all.
>
> 30 And he would not: but went and cast him into prison, till he should pay the debt.
>
> 31 So when his fellowservants saw what was done, they were very sorry, and came and told unto their lord all that was done.
>
> 32 Then his lord, after that he had called him, said unto him, O thou wicked servant, I forgave thee all that debt, because thou desiredst me:
>
> 33 Shouldest not thou also have had compassion on thy fellowservant, even as I had pity on thee?
>
> 34 And his lord was wroth, and ***~==🔴delivered him to the tormentors, till he should pay all that was due unto him==~***.
>
> 35 So likewise shall my heavenly Father do also unto you, if ye from your hearts forgive not every one his brother their trespasses.

> Isaiah 9:9,13
>
> 9 And all the people shall know, even Ephraim and the inhabitant of Samaria, that say in the pride and stoutness of heart,
>
> …
>
> 13 For the people turneth not unto him that smiteth them, neither do they seek the Lord of hosts.

“unto” in verse 13 is “until” through strongs

> Isaiah 9:12 (LXX) But ***~==🔴the people turned not UNTIL they were smitten==~***, and they sought not the Lord.

Connects to Luke 12 where Ephraim must go into great tribulation to turn to God.

## blessed are your eyes

> Matthew 13:10-17
>
> 10 And the disciples came, and said unto him, Why speakest thou unto them in parables?
>
> 11 He answered and said unto them, Because it is given unto you to know the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, but to them it is not given.
>
> 12 For whosoever hath, to him shall be given, and he shall have more abundance: but whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken away even that he hath.
>
> 13 Therefore speak I to them in parables: because they seeing see not; and hearing they hear not, neither do they understand.
>
> 14 And in them is fulfilled the prophecy of Isaiah, which saith, By hearing ye shall hear, and shall not understand; and seeing ye shall see, and shall not perceive:
>
> 15 For this people's heart is waxed gross, and their ears are dull of hearing, and their eyes they have closed; lest at any time they should see with their eyes and hear with their ears, and should understand with their heart, and should be converted, and I should heal them.
>
> 16 But ***~==🔴blessed are your eyes, for they see: and your ears, for they hear.==~***
>
> 17 For verily I say unto you, That many prophets and righteous men have desired to see those things which ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which ye hear, and have not heard them.

> Matthew 11:25 At that time Yeshua answered and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because ***~==🔴thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes==~***.

The “wise” are the “wise in their own conceits” → Isaiah 5:21

> Luke 10:23-24
>
> 23 And he turned him unto his disciples, and said privately, ***~==🔴Blessed are the eyes which see the things that ye see==~***:
>
> 24 For I tell you, that many prophets and kings have desired to see those things which ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which ye hear, and have not heard them.