[2 Clement 12](https://arc.net/l/quote/dzuohdss) → When women start to become godly, then the end will come

Acts 1:7 → 1 Thessalonians 5 “I need not to write unto you (Psalm 32)

Acts 1:7-9 → same power in Zechariah 14, Revelation 12 “power of his messiah”

Acts 1:22 → resurrection witness, Revelation 2 (1st church)

Acts 1:18-20 → Psalm 69:24-28

Romans 15:1-4 → Psalm 69:9,20

> Psalm 109:10 (LXX) Let his children wander without a dwelling-place, and ***~beg~***: let them be cast out of their habitations.

- during great tribulation, you won’t bear any fruit because your family won’t be saved (punishment for cain)

# **right hand**

> Isaiah 44:1-5
>
> 1 Yet now hear, O Jacob my servant; and Israel, whom I have chosen:
>
> 2 Thus saith the Lord that made thee, and formed thee from the womb, which will help thee; Fear not, O Jacob, my servant; and thou, Jesurun, whom I have chosen.
>
> 3 For I will pour water upon him that is thirsty, and floods upon the dry ground: I will pour my spirit upon thy seed, and my blessing upon thine offspring:
>
> 4 And they shall spring up as among the grass, as willows by the water courses.
>
> 5 One shall say, I am the Lord's; and another shall call himself by the name of Jacob; and another shall ***~subscribe with his hand~*** unto the Lord, and surname himself by the name of Israel.

> Psalm 109:31 For he shall stand at the ***~right hand of the poor~***, to save him from those that condemn his soul.

Yeshua stands at the right hand of the poor

> Zechariah 3:1 And he shewed me Joshua the high priest standing before the angel of the Lord, and ***~Satan standing at his right hand~*** to resist him.

> Matthew 5:30 And if ***~thy right hand~*** offend thee, cut it off, and ***~cast it~*** from thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be ***~cast into hell~***.

> Isaiah 44:20 He feedeth on ashes: a deceived heart hath turned him aside, that he cannot deliver his soul, nor say, ***~Is there not a lie in my right hand~***?

> Jeremiah 7:15 And I will ***~cast you out of my sight~***, as I have ***~cast out all your brethren~***, even the whole seed of Ephraim.

If Ephraim doesn’t cast off the lie in their right hand (Jesus) that causes them to stumble/offend, they will be cast into hell.

The ones called/bidden for the wedding were not worthy, but instead were cast off.

yeshua was the angel that met mary

→ Daniel 10:6 + Revelation 1:14 = Matthew 28:3

---

acts 1, before psalm 69 quoted, talking about Judas (aka. son of perdition) example (ahab, acts 1) / ahab & jezebel field is mystery babylon? (thing about field and Judas)

acts 2:34-35 → psalm 110

acts 2:40 untoward → philippians 2:15 crooked (G4646) Peter says same, deuteronomy 32

Subscribe with right hand = confessing yeshua/covenant — isaiah 44 — “cut off evil thing” / cut off right hand (right hand has idolatry → spiritual adultery = idolatry)

“Is there not a lie in my right hand” ↔ “our fathers have inherited lies”

- lie = idolatry
- if right hand causes you to sin, cut it off

matthew 5:30 “evil eye of covetousness”

youthful lusts = abominations (2 thessalonians 2)

psalm 109 @ 1:55pm

- v6 → wicked man over him and satan on his right hand (jesus)
- quoting acts 1:18-19 about Judas

> Psalm 78:9 The children of Ephraim, being armed, and carrying bows, 👉 ***~turned back~*** 👈 in the day of battle.

> Hebrews 10:38-39
>
> 38 Now the just shall live by faith: but if any man draw back, my soul shall have no pleasure in him.
>
> 39 But we are not of them who 👉 ***~draw back unto perdition~***; 👈 but of them that believe to the saving of the soul.

Hebrews 10:39 says the same as 2 Thessalonians 2:3 … they apostatize back to Jesus ↓

> Hebrews 10:39 But we are not of them who 👉 ***~draw back~*** ([G5289](https://www.blueletterbible.org/lexicon/g5289/kjv/tr/0-1/)) ***~unto perdition~***; 👈 but of them that believe to the saving of the soul.

> draw back ([G5289](https://www.blueletterbible.org/lexicon/g5289/kjv/tr/0-1/)) ↓
>
> ὑποστολή hupŏstŏlē, hoop-os-tol-ay'; from [G5288](https://www.blueletterbible.org/lexicon/G5288/kjv/tr/0-1/); shrinkage (timidity), i.e. (by implication) 👉 ***~APOSTASY~*** 👈 :—draw back.

> 2 Thessalonians 2:3 Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day shall not come, except there come a 👉 ***~falling away~*** 👈 first, and that man of sin be revealed, 👉 ***~the son of perdition~***; 👈

Ephraim is beaten with many stripes, same as Yeshua throwing people out of the temples/whipping them.

psalm 109 prayer = judgment

psalm 109:10-12 vagabonds → luke 16 unjust steward → “desolate places”  isaiah 28 they stagger … so vagabonds beg for bread in tribulation as they’re in the desolations of mystery babylon

### marina’s notes

-acts1 before psa69 quoted, talking aobut judas aka son of perdition example (ahab, acts1) ahab & jezee field is mystery babylon? thing about field and judas

•acts2:34-35 &gt; psa110

•acts2:40 untoward &gt; php2:15 crooked (G4646) peter says same, deut32 same

•subscribe w right hand = confessing yeshua/covenant? isa44 — “cut off evil thing” cut off right hand (in r hand = idolatry)

•”is there not a lie in my right hand” “our fathers have inherited lies” lie = idolatry if r hand causes you to offend cut it off

•matt5:30 ”evil eye of covetousness”

•youthful lusts = abominations 2tim2

•psa109; v6 wicked man over him and satan on his right hand (jesus) @1:55pm quoting acts1 abt judas v18-19

•ephraim beaten w many stripes same as yeshua throwing people out of temples/whipping them

•draw back day of battle psa78 &gt; heb10 draw back into perdition

•psa109 prayer = judgment

•psa109:10-12 vagabonds &gt; luke16 unjust steward &gt; “desolate places” isa28 they stagger.. so vagabonds beg for bread in tribulation as they’re in the desolations of mystery babylon

---

Psalm 69:22-27

Psalm 69:23 → Isaiah 29

Psalm 69:25 → Acts 1 (not talking just about Judas, but is prophetic)

Psalm 69:27 → Isaiah 30:1

Isaiah 30:1 (LXX) Woe to the apostate children, saith the Lord: ye have framed counsel, not by me, and covenants not by my Spirit, to add sins to sins:

Acts 1:18 → 2 Peter 2:14-15

Psalm 69:31 → the people were making merchandise of God’s people (Matthew 21)