[[CleanShot 2026-02-03 at 17.32.07.png]]

[[CleanShot 2026-02-03 at 17.32.23.png]]

[[CleanShot 2026-02-03 at 17.33.13.png]]

---

# Gathering Together

> Joel 1:14-15
>
> 14 Sanctify ye a fast, call a solemn assembly, ***~gather the elders and all the inhabitants of the land into the house of the Lord your God~***, and cry unto the Lord,
>
> 15 Alas for the day! for the day of the Lord is at hand, and as a destruction from the Almighty shall it come.

> Joel 2:15-16
>
> 15 Blow the trumpet in Zion, sanctify a fast, call a solemn assembly:
>
> 16 ***~Gather the people~***, sanctify the congregation, ***~assemble the elders~***, gather the children, and those that suck the breasts: let the bridegroom go forth of his chamber, and the bride out of her closet.

> 2 Thessalonians 2:1-2
>
> 1 Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Yeshua Messiah, and by ***~our gathering together unto him~***,
>
> 2 That ye be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word, nor by letter as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand.

> Hebrews 10:25 Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together, as the manner of some is; but exhorting one another: and so much the more, as ye see the day approaching.

---

> 2 Samuel 23:2-7 (LXX)
>
> 2 The Spirit of the Lord spoke by me, and his word was upon my tongue.
>
> 3 The God of Israel says, A watchman out of Israel spoke to me a parable: I said among men, How will ye strengthen the fear of the anointed?
>
> 4 And in the morning light of God, let the sun arise in the morning, from the light of which the Lord passed on, and as it were from the rain of the tender grass upon the earth.
>
> 5 For my house is not so with the Mighty One: for he has made an everlasting covenant with me, ready, guarded at every time; for all my salvation and all my desire is, that the wicked should not flourish.
>
> 6 All these are as a thorn thrust forth, for they shall not be taken with the hand,
>
> 7 and a man shall not labour among them; and one shall have that which is fully armed with iron, and the staff of a spear, and he shall burn them with fire, and they shall be burnt in their shame.