> Isaiah 28:16  Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD, Behold, I lay in Zion for a foundation a stone, a tried stone, a precious corner stone, a sure foundation: he that believeth shall not make haste.

- “not make haste” → they won’t do the Passover because the Passover was supposed to be done with haste

> Isaiah 8:12  Say ye not, A confederacy, to all them to whom this people shall say, A confederacy; neither fear ye their fear, nor be afraid.

- Don’t make a confederacy with Judah (because Ephraim envies Judah — Isaiah 11:13)

## city of blood

> Habakkuk 2:12  Woe to him that buildeth a ***~town with blood~***, and stablisheth a city by iniquity!

> Hosea 6:8  ***~Gilead~*** is a city of them that work iniquity, and is ***~polluted with blood~***.

> Nahum 3:1  Woe to the ***~bloody city~***! it is all full of lies and robbery; the prey departeth not;

## men become like women

> Nahum 3:13  Behold, ***~thy people in the midst of thee are women~***: the gates of thy land shall be set wide open unto thine enemies: the fire shall devour thy bars.

> Isaiah 19:16  In that day shall ***~Egypt be like unto women~***: and it shall be afraid and fear because of the shaking of the hand of the LORD of hosts, which he shaketh over it.

> Jeremiah 51:30  The mighty men of Babylon have forborn to fight, they have remained in their holds: their might hath failed; ***~they became as women~***: they have burned her dwellingplaces; her bars are broken.

## after two days

> Matthew 26:2  Ye know that after two days is the feast of the passover, and the Son of man is betrayed to be crucified.

- After two days, the 144k pass over

> Mark 14:1  After two days was the feast of the passover, and of unleavened bread: and the chief priests and the scribes sought how they might take him by craft, and put him to death.

> Mark 14:11  And when they heard it, they were glad, and promised to give him money. And he sought how he might conveniently betray him.

- “conveniently” → (strongs) “in season”