> Isaiah 44:13 The carpenter stretcheth out his rule; he marketh it out with a line; he fitteth it with planes, and he marketh it out with the compass, and maketh it after the figure of a man, according to the beauty of a man; that it may 👉 remain in the ***~HOUSE~***. 👈

> house ([H1004](https://www.blueletterbible.org/lexicon/h1004/kjv/wlc/0-1/)) ↓
>
> בַּיִת bayith, bah'-yith; probably from [H1129](https://www.blueletterbible.org/lexicon/H1129/kjv/wlc/) abbreviated; a house (in the greatest variation of applications, especially family, etc.):—court, daughter, door, **+** dungeon, family, **+** forth of, **×** great as would contain, hangings, home(born), (winter) house(-hold), inside(-ward), palace, place, **+** prison, **+** steward, **+** tablet, ***~TEMPLE~***, web, **+** within(-out).

The christians set Jesus in their temple.

> Matthew 24:15 When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, 👉 ***~stand in the holy place~***, 👈 (whoso readeth, let him understand:)

> 2 Thessalonians 2:4 Who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshipped; so that he as God 👉 ***~sitteth in the temple of God~***, 👈 shewing himself that he is God.

---

[Ephraim & Judas — Bryce](https://youtu.be/YqJim06AFTI)

Luke 24:25-27,44-53

> Hosea 13:14 I will ransom them from the power of the grave; I will redeem them from death: O death, I will be thy plagues; O grave, I will be thy destruction: 👉 ***~repentance shall be hid from mine eyes~***. 👈

> Hebrews 12:16-17
>
> 16 Lest there be any fornicator, or profane person, as Esau, who for one morsel of meat sold his birthright.
>
> 17 For ye know how that afterward, when he would have inherited the blessing, he was rejected: for he 👉 ***~found no place of repentance, though he sought it carefully with tears~***. 👈

---

Main Space — [Link](https://youtube.com/live/_uAME2WO7Gs)

> 1 Corinthians 1:10 Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Yeshua Messiah, that ye all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you; but that ye be perfectly joined together 👉 ***~in the same mind and in the same judgment~***. 👈

> Romans 15:4-5
>
> 4 For whatsoever things were written aforetime were written for our learning, that we through patience and comfort of the scriptures might have hope.
>
> 5 Now the God of patience and consolation grant you to 👉 ***~be likeminded one toward another~*** 👈 according to Yeshua Messiah:

—

> Romans 15:8 Now I say that Yeshua Messiah was a minister of the circumcision for the truth of God, to confirm the promises made unto the fathers:

- he cut off the lies (“circumcision for the truth”)
- truth → John 4
- Luke 1:72 (“confirm the promises made unto the fathers”)

—

> Hosea 9:13 Ephraim, as I saw Tyrus, is planted in a pleasant place: but Ephraim shall bring forth his children to the murderer.

- Tyrus → Ezekiel 28

> Hosea 9:16 Ephraim is smitten, their root is dried up, they shall bear no fruit: yea, though they bring forth, yet will I slay even the beloved fruit of their womb.

*Ephraim is ~SMITTEN~* ↓

> Luke 12:45-47
>
> 45 But and if that servant say in his heart, My lord delayeth his coming; and shall begin to beat the menservants and maidens, and to eat and drink, and to be drunken;
>
> 46 The lord of that servant will come in a day when he looketh not for him, and at an hour when he is not aware, and will cut him in sunder, and will appoint him his portion with the unbelievers.
>
> 47 And that servant, which knew his lord's will, and prepared not himself, neither did according to his will, shall be ***~beaten with many stripes~***.

*Their root is ~DRIED UP~, they shall bear ~NO FRUIT~* ↓

> Matthew 21:19-20
>
> 19 And when he saw a fig tree in the way, he came to it, and found nothing thereon, but leaves only, and said unto it, Let ***~no fruit grow~*** on thee henceforward for ever. And presently the fig tree withered away.
>
> 20 And when the disciples saw it, they marvelled, saying, How soon is the ***~fig tree withered away~***!

—

> Ezekiel 28:14 👉 ***~Thou art the anointed cherub that covereth~***; 👈 and I have set thee so: thou wast upon the holy mountain of God; thou hast walked up and down in the midst of the stones of fire.

> Isaiah 30:1 Woe to the rebellious children, saith the Lord, that take counsel, but not of me; and that cover with a covering, but not of my spirit, that they may add sin to sin:

King of Tyrus = Satan

Christians anoint Satan, and the many Christmas Jesus guys over them as their covering — they even say “I’m covered in the blood of Jesus!”

> Hosea 9:13 Ephraim, as I saw Tyrus, is planted in a pleasant place: but Ephraim shall bring forth his children to the 👉 ***~murderer~***. 👈

—

[Get rid of that wicked man in the church⁉️ — Mark](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGTqkeiLCpI)

> 1 Corinthians 5:5 To deliver such an one unto Satan for the destruction of the flesh, that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Yeshua.

Ephraim is saved through death → 1 Corinthians 15

> Matthew 13:33 Another parable spake he unto them; The kingdom of heaven is like unto leaven, which a woman took, and hid in three measures of meal, till the whole was leavened.

> 1 Corinthians 5:6-8
>
> 6 Your glorying is not good. Know ye not that a little leaven leaveneth the whole lump?
>
> 7 Purge out therefore the old leaven, that ye may be a new lump, as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for us:
>
> 8 Therefore let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leaven of malice and wickedness; but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth.