---
migrated:
  to: Daily/2026-02-22.md

---

Migrated from Wednesday, February 18


---

> Jeremiah 3:21 A voice was heard upon the high places, weeping and supplications of the children of Israel: for they have perverted their way, and they have forgotten the Lord their God.

> Jeremiah 31:15 Thus saith the Lord; A voice was heard in Ramah, lamentation, and bitter weeping; Rahel weeping for her children refused to be comforted for her children, because they were not.

> Matthew 2:18 In Rama was there a voice heard, lamentation, and weeping, and great mourning, Rachel weeping for her children, and would not be comforted, because they are not.

verses sound same

---

> Jeremiah 3:25 ***~We lie down in our shame~***, and our confusion covereth us: for we have sinned against the Lord our God, we and our fathers, from our youth even unto this day, and have not obeyed the voice of the Lord our God.

> Isaiah 47:1 Come down, and ***~sit in the dust~***, O virgin daughter of Babylon, sit on the ground: there is no throne, O daughter of the Chaldeans: for thou shalt no more be called tender and delicate.

---

luke 14 → proverbs 25:7, deuteronomy 20

- 1 kings 19:17-… → romans 10/11

elisha represent summer fruit?

- those that see elijah/144k get called up receive the double poriton?

trodden underfoot = tree cut down

---

> Luke 14:7-11
>
> 7 And he put forth a parable to those which were bidden, when he marked how they chose out the chief rooms; saying unto them.
>
> 8 When thou art bidden of any man to a wedding, sit not down in the highest room; lest a more honourable man than thou be bidden of him;
>
> 9 And he that bade thee and him come and say to thee, Give this man place; and thou begin with shame to take the lowest room.
>
> 10 But when thou art bidden, go and sit down in the lowest room; that when he that bade thee cometh, he may say unto thee, Friend, go up higher: then shalt thou have worship in the presence of them that sit at meat with thee.
>
> 11 For whosoever exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.

- luke 14 quotes proverbs 25

> Proverbs 25:6-7
>
> 6 Put not forth thyself in the presence of the king, and stand not in the place of great men:
>
> 7 For better it is that it be said unto thee, Come up hither; than that thou shouldest be put lower in the presence of the prince whom thine eyes have seen.

- don’t seek office